****
Reflections
****
While collaborating with others obviously makes the whole thing so much easier, you trade that ease with the outcome 
not %100 being yours. There are obviously some disagreements that needed to be taken care of and we believe we accomplished 
that. At times, we can compare ourselves with the other members of the group and get disappointed in ourselves. Having to 
have meetings in a previously appointed time has been weird in the context of zoom. Also sometimes, having a whole group 
depending on a person to finish a certain part of the project to keep going is stressful and even more so when one of us 
can’t seem to do what they are asked to do in the first place. As a group, we got along well and we were prone to being 
distracted sometimes but we managed to handle it throughout the project.

The project was useful in plenty ways. First, we have learned the basics of Android Studio such as how to create a project, 
how to use views such as recycler view and grid view and how to interact the pages with each other. Then accordingly we 
have improved our skills in terms of getting used to other integrated development environments rather than DrJava and 
cooperating with other people. This process also provided us with enhanced problem-solving capabilities, for example, in 
case of conflict over the code written by different group members. It also has improved our individual learning skills 
since we have learned the path to develop an android application individually. Thus, we benefit from this group project 
to a great extent.

We have spent almost 5 weeks for completing our project. Two or three weeks of the preparation of the project was used 
for learning the basics of the Android Studio through Udemy. Also, before learning everything though Udemy, we have 
started to create our codes with OOP, however, we have realized that we should use the database to store our information. 
Therefore, we have lost almost 1 week for this. The most challenging part of our project was to figure out creating an 
application by using Android Studio since it was the most time consuming aspect.

While finalising the code, we got some troubles with databases. We could’ve add tanks and creatures to an online database 
at the beginning, but we couldn’t initialize that structure while writing the code for that. Also, in to do list section, 
it would be better if we did not use SQL to execute its actions. In design, to make our application visually more 
appealing, we could’ve add real-time aquarium animation which changes visually by fishes added by the user.

As our project group, we are pretty much proud of what we accomplished. At the start of the project, we were not expecting 
what we have now. We worked as much as we can. As a group, we always were in contact with each other. It makes us feel 
great that we made our users' lives more comfortable and that our users will be less concerned about their creatures' 
lives. Furthermore, as freshmen students, it gives us confidence that we can learn anything we want in the tech field by 
ourselves.
